#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.1
    # via starlette
bcrypt==3.2.2
    # via passlib
catboost==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.5
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via python-jose
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via email-validator
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
email-validator==1.2.1
    # via pydantic
fastapi==0.79.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.36.0
    # via matplotlib
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.13.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.8.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via catboost
nltk==3.7
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.23.2
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   transformers
pandas==1.4.3
    # via catboost
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
plotly==5.10.0
    # via catboost
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyaml==21.10.1
    # via scikit-optimize
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic[dotenv,email]==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via pydantic
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyaml
    #   transformers
regex==2022.8.17
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   sentence-transformers
scikit-optimize==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.97
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==1.4.40
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.19.1
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.12.1
    # via transformers
torch==1.12.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.13.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.21.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.37.1
    # via lightgbm
